How did i solve the task.
I started with learning anything about computer vision, because I had never done it before. Therefore followed I
the basic tutorial of opencv. The Documentary was quite good, thats why you were able to look things, which were
mentioned, but not completly explained, up. The idea for me was to get enough knowledge about opencv 
so that i would be able to play a video and atleast remove the irrelevant data. 
This worked quite good.
starting with thresholding and colorfiltering. 
Later on I had ideas to combine it with motion detection, because a car moves.
blurring, smoothing and filtering to enhance the end product
morphological - dilationa and errosion
and haar cascade. However this approch led to a dead end, because i had limited amout of pictures.
Thats why i settled with the mentioned ideas even though I thought of using cornerdetection and feature matching.



















1a) Content 20 points
2)All drivers must be able to exit to the side of the vehicle in less than 5 s with the driver in
the fully seated position, hands in the driving position on the connected steering wheel (in
all possible steering positions) and wearing the required driver equipment as in T13.3. The
egress time will stop when the driver has both feet on the ground.
--> a) no less than 5s, b) yes next to the car c) no with steeringwheel

3) After technical inspection, the only modifications permitted to the vehicle are:
...
Adjustment of winglet angles, but not the position of the complete aerodynamic device
in relation to the vehicle

so yes

4) none of above. car with driver has to withstand 60° tilt with no leakage. 
lateral g is probably something like tan(6/10)

5)The officials will provide a standardized data logger that must be installed in any DV during
the competition. Further specifications for the data logger and required hardware and software
interfaces can be found in the competition handbook.

6)It is prohibited to change parameters, send commands or make any software changes by
wireless communication. Receiving information from the vehicle via one-way-telemetry is
allowed. During dynamic events, wireless communication may be limited and an uninterfered
and reliable wireless connection is not guaranteed by the officials